The “How Do You Play the Game" Survey
The “Details about People" Survey
The “Pokémon Favorites" Survey
The “Ideals and Values" Survey
The “Likable People" Survey
The “Preferences" Survey
The “Entertainment" Survey
The “School Life" Survey
The “Sports and Pastimes" Survey
The “More about Pokémon" Survey
This is a survey about how people play Pokémon\xfffeBlack Version and Pokémon White Version.
This is a survey to find out details\xfffeabout people.
This is a survey to find out people's\xfffepreferences when it comes to Pokémon.
This is a survey to find out about the ideals\xfffeand values of people.
This is a survey to find out about what kinds\xfffeof people are most likable.
This is a survey to find out about people's\xfffetastes in seasons, food, and art.
This is a survey to find out what kinds of\xfffeentertainment people enjoy.
This is a survey to find out about people's\xfffeschool life.
This is a survey to find out what people like\xfffeto do in their spare time.
This is a detailed survey to find out\xfffemore about what people think of Pokémon.
Which version do you play?
Are you male or female?
Which do you prefer, battle or trade?
Would you live in the city or country?
What kind of person do you prefer?
Which do you wish you had more of?
Which do you value more in a person?
What kind of Pokémon do you like best?
What's your starter Pokémon?
Where would you go for a vacation?
What's your favorite time at school?
What's most important to you?
What season do you like best?
What kind of food do you like best?
What kind of people do you like best?
What do you like about Pokémon?
What subject do you like best?
What subject do you like least?
What do you want to become?
What do you do in your spare time?
What kind of music do you like?
What kind of TV programs do you like?
What kind of movies do you like?
What's your favorite sport?
What's your favorite color?
What's your hobby?
What kind of job do you have?
Which Gym Leader do you like best?
What Pokémon type do you like best?
How long have you been playing?
The “Pokémon Black Version or\xfffePokémon White Version" Survey
The “Gender" Survey
The “Battle vs. Trade" Survey
The “Where to Live" Survey
The “Smart vs. Athletic" Survey
The “Time vs. Money" Survey
The “Appearance vs. Substance" Survey
The “Favorite Kind of Pokémon" Survey
The “Starter Pokémon" Survey
The “Vacation Spot" Survey
The “School Days" Survey
The “Important People" Survey
The “Seasons" Survey
The “Food" Survey
The “Popular People" Survey
The “Best Thing about Pokémon" Survey
The “Favorite Subject" Survey
The “Worst Subject" Survey
The “Pokémon Jobs" Survey
The “Leisure Time" Survey
The “Music" Survey
The “TV" Survey
The “Movies" Survey
The “Sports" Survey
The “Colors" Survey
The “Hobbies" Survey
The “Jobs" Survey
The “Gym Leaders" Survey
The “Pokémon Types" Survey
The “Gameplay Time" Survey